---
layout: post
title: Week of 22 Jan - 28 Jan
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I started Collatz properly. Outside of classes, I tutored high school students in calculus, physics, and computer science. Also, my roommates and I found the house that we are going to live in next year! It was a stressful process to find one that 7 people could agree on, but we are finally at the end of our search.

To expand more on OOP, I set up the workflow for Collatz at the beginning of the week, and it was extremely helpful to see my classmates ask questions on Piazza about problems I was having as well. After writing a bit of code and completely setting up my development environment, I took a break for the end of the week, and this weekend I knocked almost all of the project out. 

__2. What's in your way?__

Readings for my classes are a bit overwhelming. I am in Plan II in addition to Computer Science, so I am taking more liberal arts classes than most other Computer Science majors. As a result, I am in the unique position of reading medieval religious texts, Descartes, and computer science textbooks concurrently. I wanted to try to read more outside of schoolwork this semester also, but that may not work out, depending on my work load.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, first and foremost, I will finish and turn in Collatz. I also have to finish a project for Concurrency due Tuesday, and I have other less time consuming homework due throughout the week. I have my first intramural basketball game at 7pm on Monday, and I was supposed to have an audition for a Buick commercial, but it looks like I won't have enough time in my schedule anymore.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

This week in OOP, I have been surprised how Professor Downing's lectures have stayed interesting since the beginning of the class. I know that the content of the class will pick up soon, but for now I am enjoying the bits of knowledge dropped in every class. For example, I thought the comparison of `i++` (pre-increment) and `++i` (post-increment) was interesting, and it appealed to the computer scientist in me, even though most of the class has appealed to the programmer so far.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

My pick-of-the-week is Arch Linux. I installed Arch on my desktop computer this week as a development sandbox, dual booting alongside my normal Windows 10 configuration. Arch is highly customizable, and even after taking OS, it wasn't a compltely smooth process to install. I learned about things like bootloaders and tiling window managers (i3 gaps!) in the process. [Here](https://www.archlinux.org/) is a link to the wiki if you would like to read more.
