---
layout: post
title: Week of 18 Feb - 25 Feb
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I took my first Western Civilization exam, did some other homework over the course of the week, and studied for the exam on Thursday for OOP. I went out of town over the weekend, and I got back into Austin right before OOP started Monday, so it was an adventure hopping right back into the swing of things. At the beginning of the week, I tutored several students, and I had several deadlines, so it was a bit busy at first. By the end of the week, I only had my Western Civ exam, so I got to focus on that, and it turned out pretty well. I'm excited to see what the tests for this class will be like, as I have felt relatively confident about the HackerRank exercises we have done in class.

__2. What's in your way?__

I've committed myself to three intramural sports teams, so right now soreness is in my way, but, if that is the biggest of my problems this week, that just means that not much wrong is happening. I have a Concurrency lab due the same night as the OOP exam, but I am working to make sure that it isn't an issue.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will finish my Concurrency lab and study for the OOP exam. I don't anticipate having to study much for the sake of memorization, for the content in this class is more of a "know it or you don't" kind of thing. With that being said, I don't want to have to eat my own words, so I will make sure that I am adequately prepared for the exam by practicing on HackerRank and looking back over all the lecture notes at least once. This Concurrency lab is about efficiently finding equivalent binary search trees arranged in different orders, and it has been interesting so far. I am learning Go for the lab, and it has been a cool experience.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

This class has been great this week. I have learned a lot, and it hasn't been overly stressful. I've enjoyed getting into some of the meatier parts of C++, and, even though I have seen just about everything we have done so far, it's good to learn what's happening behind the scenes. This way, I won't just be writing C++, but I will be writing *good* C++.. 

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Toso2Cd_30) of the week is news in the land of blockchain. Despite my political reservations with Russia, it's interesting to see the international aspect of blockchain come into play. President Putin has long endorsed blockchain technology, but he recently was quoted saying, "The Stone Age has not ended due to the lack of stones, but because new technologies have appeared," creating a metaphor between cryptocurrency and our current financial system. It could be that Putin has ulterior motives, so I'm not saying that whatever he does with the technology will be good (surely Russia will regulate whatever they do), but the quote caught my eye, so it's my pick of the week.
