---
layout: post
title: Week of 9 Apr - 15 Apr
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I started Life with my partner, Vikram. He has been great with setting up the structure of the project, so it has gone smoothly so far. I have continued work on the raytracer that I referenced in my blog last week, and we added reflection and refraction to the renderer. Also, I took a few exams in other classes, and I took on a couple more tutoring students. Through the next couple of weeks, I will have to make sure to manage my time so that working more doesn't get in the way of studying for my finals. Finally, I have been planning for registration throughout the week, so hopefully I can get all the classes I need/want to take.

__2. What's in your way?__

Time is in my way, once again, this week. I will be working a bit more, and I want to start studying for my earlier finals (like OOP) soon in addition to the regular workload that has been keeping me busy this semester. I think I can do it, but it will take some extra discipline until the end of the semester.

__3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will register for my classes, finish the Life project, and begin preparing for my final exams. I anticipate being busy with work, but I want to make sure that I take care of things outside of classes, too. Sometimes when I get busy, I drop things like working out, cleaning my room, or doing laundry at a reasonable point, but I think that has actually been working against my favor.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

My experience of the class has been positive again, and I like the problems that the Life project has presented. It's difficult to design the project in the 'good OOP model' that we have been learning, but it's doable. The lectures have also been good. We are talking about the more traditional object oriented design principles I had in mind coming into the class. I think it will be good coming out of the class having achieved my expectations and more.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](http://www.ctrl-alt-test.fr/2018/a-dive-into-the-making-of-immersion/) of the week is an article detailing the creation of a really cool demoscene project called Immersion. The binary that creates this scene is under 64 kilobytes, and everything is generated on the fly during runtime. As the article says, 64k worth of an mp3 is only 3 seconds long. This demo combines not only 4:00 of music, but also non-trivial scenery, techniques to represent underwater graphics, and advanced lighting. It's pretty impressive, if you ask me.
