---
layout: post
title: Week of 5 Mar - 11 Mar
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I finished up my schoolwork for the week and prepared for spring break. I had two exams back-to-back on Thursday, so I felt pretty wiped out at the end of the week from those. I rested up Friday morning and headed into SxSW for a great start to my break. I always enjoy being in Austin over spring break because of the way the city comes alive this time of year. Even though I will be going on a trip later in the week, Austin undeniably becomes the center of the universe for SxSW, and I try to soak as much of it up as possible

__2. What's in your way?__

Even though this is my break week, I have an obscene amount of schoolwork due next week. I'm going to have to balance relaxation with avoiding procrastination. It's not the worst thing in the world, and I did sign up for it, but that's what's in my way this week.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will hang out in Austin through the beginning of the week, experiencing SxSW one day at a time. After that, I will start my roadtrip from Austin through Waxahachie and finally to Fayetteville. I am in the middle of reading Kerouac's *On the Road* right now, so I can't wait to get out into the open American air and experience things for myself. And all the while, I will be working on my projects, studying for my exams, and writing a paper.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

This class has kept up its great lectures and interesting projects. I like the Allocator project, and I think it's a valuable project to have under my belt.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](https://github.com/alevchuk/vim-clutch) of the week is a VIM clutch pedal. This hacky project caught my eye as something humorous, but apparently it does actually boost productivity. I am a big VIM fan, and I think it helps me translate my thoughts into keystrokes better than any other text editor that I have tried. Maybe I will have to think of a hardware project similar to the clutch that will help me.
