---
layout: post
title: Week of 26 Feb - 4 Mar
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I took Test #1 in OOP, I turned in a Concurrency lab, and I went hiking. I found the test to be very fair, and I was glad to get my final task of the week over with. I finished and turned in my Concurrency lab, conveniently on the same day as the test in this class. I enjoyed this one more than the past labs. I learned a lot about Go and the different ideology it brings to parallel programming. Also, I took some much needed relaxation time this weekend by going hiking at Reimer's Ranch Park. It's a Travis County Park next to my home, so I decided to take a trip to see my family and explore the outdoors. I knew that they had some rock climbing there, but it was very cool to go and see it firsthand outside of a bouldering gym.

__2. What's in your way?__

Nothing is in my way this week! This should be a relatively easy week for me because I don't have any tests or projects due. However, I will stay on top of my studies so that I don't fall behind over spring break next week.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

I will try to resume some of my hobbies that I had to put on hold the past few weeks, such as bouldering, reading, and watching movies with my friends. I am going to be proactive with my schoolwork this week, but I have also been feeling trapped into not being able to do the things I want to do because of my workload, so I think this is a good opportunity to relinquish the stress and explore other parts of my education before coming back to my schooling.  

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

My experience of the class this week has been largely positive. I think the test was very fair, but I still feel that I have learned so much from this class already. It's a pretty cool moment to go from not knowing C++ at all to being able to describe complex data structures and design generic algorithms in the language within a month. I have loved the lecture material recently, and I hope that it continues to get better. 

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](https://www.wired.com/story/ml-brain-boost/) of the week details a [scientific study](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-017-02753-0), in which machine learning algorithms can be applied to the human brain itself in order to help improve the brain's memory. While I admit the title is a bit 'click-baity,' the second link shows some very cool and serious results to the research. The technology was used to record brainwave data while each subject memorized multiple subjects. The neural network was trained based off this data, and, after determing the optimal time, it also applies small electric pulses to the brain to "jostle it into a higher-functioning state." I think the situation is interesting because neural networks were created in the image of the human brain, and now they are helping to enhance it. Who knows how far this technology will go, but I have a feeling it will help us understand even more about the mysteries of the brain.
