---
layout: post
title: Week of 29 Jan - 4 Feb
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I finished and turned in Collatz in addition to my Concurrency lab. I didn't actually write much more code for Collatz this week, as I had finished most of it over last weekend, but I finished all the workflow requirements, and I think I ended up learning a lot about the tools involved in Software Development as a result. I also didn't write much code for Concurrency, but in that case it was mostly because the write-up took much longer than I thought. I could have been more efficient in the way I collected data for that project, so I will attempt to learn more about Python scripting and formatting output as CSV. This could also be useful for future classes where data collection is vital.

__2. What's in your way?__

This week, procrastination is in my way. I am trying to nip my projects in the bud by starting on them earlier so I don't have the same issues as last week. I feel like I can earn good enough grades by doing assignments "on demand," but I think that I retain information much better when I absorb it over a longer time period. This will ultimately end with more flexibility in my schedule and, hopefully, better performance on my finals.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will study for my quiz in my class on Medieval History, I will form a group and start on Voting, and I will write more of the testing code for my second Concurrency lab. For my quiz, it shouldn't require too much effort, but I am trying to stay on top of work for all my classes, so I won't underestimate it. As far as Voting goes, I haven't actually read the description yet, but I will focus on the teammate aspect first. For my next Concurrency lab, I am going to switch from writing the main code portion in C to writing C++. Collatz was relatively language agnostic in the actual code we had to write, but designing class structures and object oriented interactions in C++ has definitely been a fun learning experience so far. I hope to learn more in the future projects for this class as far as writing 'good C++' goes.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

My experience has been very positive this week in OOP. The process of turning in Collatz was relatively painless, and the lectures have been interesting. I also found the _Little Bug, Big Bang_ paper to be intriguing, and I thought it was similar to the Therac-25 section of CS 439 that Professor Norman talked about last semester..

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

My pick of the week is [C2](http://c2lang.org/site/). I'm not sure how much I believe the claims of "30% faster development" and "easy integration with C libraries," but I thought the idea was interesting nonetheless. C2 is supposed to provide faster development, link-time optimization, better diagnostics, and stricter syntax. There is much innovation in higher level languages, but the idea of a modern language trying to fill the same domain as C is fascinating. 
