---
layout: post
title: Week of 15 Jan - 21 Jan
category: CS371p
---

__1. What are your expectations of the class?__

I expect to learn a great deal about C++, as a language itself first and foremost, early in the semester, but as the class approaches its middle and end, I expect to learn about industry programming tools/practices and object oriented programming concepts. It seems like the CS department at UT (and many other schools) is heavily focused on the theory of CS, or one could say the actual science of computers. I am not complaining about this because I have loved all the CS classes I have taken so far, but I am excited to get into the more practical side of software with this class. 


__2. What did you do this past week?__

During this past week, I have gotten back into my schedule with the new semester, attending new classes and waking up earlier than I would like to. In CS371p, we have mainly discussed administrative topics, but we learned a bit about assertions in C++. I have worked on some homework for other classes, including a lab for Concurrency, another CS class. In other news, my girlfriend visited from Arkansas this weekend, and I attended the BROCKHAMPTON concert at Emo's.  


__3. What's in your way?__

I have been struggling to find a sleep schedule that works for me ever since I took CS439 last semester, just as many of my fellow OOP students. I think my schedule this semester has a similar workload, but hopefully I will have the experience from previous semesters to manage my time better. Recently, I have been trying to focus on cutting the things out of my life that serve no purpose. Many people say that we, as humans, determine what is important to us by the amount of time we spend on each task. I want to spend time on the things that will make me who I want to become. 


 __4. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will put my head down and try to stay proactive in my classwork. I am expecting to learn more about C++ from this class, and I am excited to see what opportunities come my way!


__5. What's my experience of the class?__

So far, this class has seemed highly informative, and I find the Socratic method very engaging. I'm not sure if it's fear of being called on or increased interpersonal communication, but I think I am learning more. I have enjoyed the content in this class so far, and I am excited for the next week.


__6. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

My pick-of-the-week is Ethereum! I am currently working on a decentralized app built on the Ethereum network, and it has been a somewhat frustrating but eye-opening experience so far, but that is the nature of development with new technology. [Here](https://blockgeeks.com/guides/ethereum/) is some additional information if you aren't familiar with Ethereum. 