---
layout: post
title: Week of 5 Feb - 11 Feb
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I started working on the Voting project. My partner, Logan, and I have finished enough of the code to pass the HackerRank tests, but we still need to finish the workflow requirements and create public tests. We wrote a test generator for the latter, so it shouldn't take too much more time. In other news, I played intramural football, soccer, and basketball games. I'm having a lot of fun staying active this semester through intramurals, even though it makes my schedule a bit harder to manage at times. I also finalized my living situation for next year, so that's one stressor off my back for now. I went bouldering several times this week, and that was a great brain break in addition to the team sports.

__2. What's in your way?__

Not much is in my way this week. I have to finish the kmeans project for Concurrency, and I have to prepare Voting for submission. Other than that, it will be another great week. I am writing kmeans entirely in C++, so I think that has helped with the projects for this class, also. I am getting a good amount of exposure to new concepts and practices through my computer science classes this semester, and, even though it seems that lack of knowledge is in my way at times, I don't mind being in the crucible.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will play more intramural sports, turn in kmeans, turn in Voting, and do my homework for my other classes. My schedule this semester looks as though I will have a very busy week every other week, so any way I can take advantage of down time I have in the coming week will be a win for me.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

My experience of this class through this week has mainly been seen through the lens of the Voting project. This project has been fun to work on. The focus of the project isn't on a difficult problem necessarily, albeit voting is complex in some regards, but it allows me to learn the concepts that we have covered in class so far in a practical way. It's an entirely different thing listening to a lecture on const values than actually using them to improve the safety of your own code. The lectures were informative, but I like that there hasn't an obscene amount of information being dispersed at any point in the class so far. I have consistently learned new things, but they are given in bite sized portions.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

My pick-of-the-week is C struct packing, a topic that I thought was particularly interesting from CS 429, and I picked it for this week because I recently read an article explaining in further depth. [Here](http://www.catb.org/esr/structure-packing/) is a link to the article. I think the idea that many programs could be made more efficient, even marginally, by changing the order of elements in a struct is interesting, and it is worth knowing in any case. The article is quite long, and I am not going to stop you from reading the whole thing, but I think my focus was mainly on the Padding and Structure Alignment sections.
