---
layout: post
title: Final Post
category: CS371p
---
__1. What did you like the least about the class?__

This is a tough one because I liked the class so much compared to other CS classes I have taken at UT. I think the thing that sticks out the most is how the content of the class is spread out. The first test was ridiculously easy compared to the final. This is good news for your grade probably, because it's totally possible to get a 100 on the first test, but it means that you have to really take the second one seriously. I didn't have much trouble because past students had warned me of this, but it totally could have caught me off guard.

__2. What did you like the most about the class?__

I loved the lectures and the practicality of the class. C++ is useful in and of itself, but the tools we learned in the projects have proved to be invaluable in becoming a better software engineer and padding your resume. I feel like I write code with much more integrity as a result of this class.

__3. What's the most significant thing you learned?__

The most significant thing I learned was how to understand every line of code I write. The combination of Downing's explanations in lecture and being able to use tools such as Google Test, valgrind, and clang-check made me feel confident in every line of C++ I wrote, even after knowing none of the language coming into the class.

__4. How many hours a week did you spend coding for this class?__

I probably spent an average of 10 hours a week coding for this class. Obviously, that changed for weeks when projects were due, but, for the most part, the projects were not too time consuming. I thought they were just long enough to feel like you are stretching your limits without being overwhelming. I probably spent an average of 15-20 hours on the projects, with the first taking the least amount of time and the last taking the most.

__5. How many hours a week did you spend reading for this class?__

I didn't spend that much time reading for this class, as most of the readings are articles that Downing posts on the class website. I found most of them to be pretty interesting, and, with the amount of information about software engineering out there, it's nice to see a curated list from someone like Professor Downing.

__6. How many lines of code do you think you wrote?__

I estimate that I wrote around 2000 lines of code in the projects and HackerRank exercises. This might sound like a lot (or maybe not), but all of the code I wrote felt meaningful, and the projects were interesting.

__7. What required tool did you not know and now find very useful?__

Google Test is my most useful tool for the class. I had always heard that writing unit tests is good practice, but I never took the time to learn how. I never imagined it would be as easy as it is, and I am much more confident in the code I write if I know it passes the tests.

__8. If you could change one thing about the course, what would it be?__

I think I would change the class to maybe have a single Java project at the end of the semester. We drew many comparisons to Java, but now I feel like I write much better C++ than Java because Downing has explained how C++ works so well. If we did a single Java project, I feel that it would double the breadth of my comfortability without sacrificing much time.

