---
layout: post
title: Week of 12 Feb - 18 Feb
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I finished my k-means project for Concurrency and the Voting project for this class. At the beginning of the week, I tutored in Physics, Python, and Calculus. I didn't have much trouble with Voting, and it was relatively straightforward to get the project turned in after finishing the code to pass the HackerRank tests last week. I did have trouble, however, with finishing k-means in time. It went to the wire, especially because I had several issues with the pthreads library. It was my first fully fledged project in C++ with pthreads, and I had issues with threads pinning to one CPU core. It ended up being OK, but it was a bit frustrating trying to understand the inner workings of pthreads an hour before the project was due. I also took a road trip to Fayetteville, Arkansas at the end of the week, and I am just getting back to UT.

__2. What's in your way?__

At this point in the week, lack of time is in my way. I have about 100 different things to do Monday, and then there's the rest of the week. Even though I am definitely headed to Seattle to work at Amazon, I wanted to go to the career fair and FoCS events this week. I am not sure if I will have time to go because I am just getting back in town from my trip, and I have a lot of catching up to do.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will start to study for the exam for this class, and I will finish studying for the exams that I have this week. I will start work on my new Concurrency project, as apparently this project is 'actually long.' I will hopefully sign my lease for next year, and I hope to get that out of the way. I will tutor at the beginning of the week again, and, while I don't have as much classwork due, I am going to stay on top of it for next week.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

This week in OOP, I enjoyed the HackerRank challenges that we did in class, and I thought that the discussions we had on types of iterators and templates were interesting. It will definitely help me with my knowledge of C++ to be able to write flexible and generic functions, such as the fill() and equal() examples.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](https://www.msn.com/en-us/finance/markets/this-founder-lived-in-a-nursing-home-for-3-months-to-get-his-start-up-off-the-ground/ar-BBJfGMA) of the week shows that nothing can hold you back from your dreams. The article I linked describes one entrepreneur's strange living situation while getting his startup off the ground. The founder of medical startup Call9 lived in a nursing home for three months to pinch pennies and gain experience in his business' market. His willingness to get his hands dirty seems to have paid off, despite the social hit he probably took, and Call9 has since raised $30 million in venture funding.
