---
layout: post
title: Week of 26 Mar - 1 Apr
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I started Darwin, had an interview, and finished a rather long Concurrency project. Most of my and my partner's work thus far on Darwin has been designing, but I have enjoyed what we have done so far. I think this project presents an interesting problem, and having the limitation of no getters or setters just adds to that. In other news, the Barton Creek Greenbelt is still beautiful, and the Easter Bunny did, in fact, come for me.

__2. What's in your way?__

In the upcoming week, I have Darwin, a Medieval History test, and some other minor homework. I did a lot of it over the weekend, so it shouldn't be an issue getting everything done this week, but it's still stuff to do. I think the hardest part of Darwin is designing the interaction between each class in detail, so we have gotten through the thick of it. We just need to finish up writing the code. 

 __3. What will you do next week?__

In the next week, I will finish Darwin, take my history test, create a proposal for my final Concurrency project, and finish other homework. I hope to also find some time to relax during the week because I worked much of the weekend away. As for the Concurrency project, the prompt is relatively open-ended, and my partner and I are thinking about making a GPU raytracer in CUDA C++. I am planning on taking Graphics next semester, and I thought this might be a good taste for the subject matter.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

My experience of the class this week has been great! Working on Darwin has been engaging, and the lectures have been enjoyable. I like that we are getting into deeper material now, but it's good that we started from where we did. Otherwise, I don't think that C++ would have come to me as easily as it has, and obviously, one needs to be be proficient in the language before anything interesting presents itself.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-1111/) of the week is 1.1.1.1, a new, speedy, privacy-first DNS service from Cloudflare. To those who are hesitant to give away their browsing data for targeted ads, this service might help put your mind to rest. It is also reportedly the fastest DNS service around, beating OpenDNS and Google's 8.8.8.8. I don't usually like web programming at all, but I thought this was a cool project, and maybe you are interested in it, too.
