---
layout: post
title: Week of 18 Mar - 25 Mar
category: CS371p
---

__1. What did you do this past week?__

This week, I worked on the Allocator project in addition to other classwork in my busy week after spring break. Over spring break, I didn't do as much as I probably should have, but it worked out OK because I essentially sacrificed this week to get it all done. I enjoyed working on Allocator, and I thought it was a good project to know how to make. I had quizzes and tests in other classes that made everything a bit of a time crunch, but it all got turned in on time.

__2. What's in your way?__

In the upcoming week, I have a Concurrency lab due, but I don't think it should be terribly hard. It's essentially rewriting the previous kmeans project we worked on to run on a GPU using CUDA. It's an interesting project, but it is a lot of work to learn how to write good CUDA C++ code, so that's what's in my way.

 __3. What will you do next week?__

Next week, I will work on the Concurrency project, and I have an interview for the Amazon Game Studios. I have already accepted Amazon's offer, but I am still interviewing to figure out which team I will be placed on. Hopefully some of the C++ skills I have acquired from this class will pay off in the interview, as it is supposedly going to depend heavily on strong C++ fundamentals.

__4. What's my experience of the class?__

My experience of the class this week has been largely positive (again). Working on Allocator was rewarding, and the lectures have been enjoyable. It's been good to learn about the underlying functionality of vector.

__5. What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?__

[My pick](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/03/21/nvidia_titan_v_reproducibility) of the week is an article about defects in the Nvidia Titan V architecture. Amazingly, the Titan V made it out the end of Nvidia's release with major problems, including testable errors that previous generations have easily computed correctly. With my learning more about GPUs in Concurrency, I thought this topic was especially interesting because I finally understand some of the technical aspects.
